Create jupyter.md (#70)
osg-htc/user-documentation: documentation/htc_workloads/submitting_workloads/jupyter.md

<br>
<br>
<code>requirements = Machine == "CHTC-Jupyter-User-EP-$ENV(HOSTNAME)"
+FromJupyterLab = true</code> 
<br>
<br>
  The <code>requirements =</code> and <code>+FromJupyterLab</code> lines tell HTCondor to assign all jobs to run on the dedicated execute point server assigned to your instance upon launch.
<br>
</details>

<details>
<summary>For researchers with accounts on login0N.osgconnect.net access point</summary>
<br>
<b>Working in JupyterLab, your account will <b>not</b> be tied to your account on your login0N.osgconnect.net access point.</b> 
<br>
<br>
JupyterLab is run on only our <code>uw.osg-htc.org access points</code>. This means your OSPool account will not be recognized. Therefore, while you are welcome to upload data to your JupyterLab instance and to use the 8 CPUs and 16 GB memory available to your instance to submit HTCondor jobs and analyze data, <b>we recommend you request an account on a <code>uw.osg-htc.org access points</code> access point to be able to run full OSPool workflows and to avoid having data deleted upon logging out.</b>
<br>
</details>

<details>

> <summary>For researchers with no account on an OSPool access point</summary>

Author: ```suggestion
<summary>For researchers with guest access on an OSPool access point</summary>
```
